Hello there in today's lesson you're going to learn how to handle search within a word breastfeeding
Well the first thing I need to say to you is that not every website needs a search box search facility
often makes more sense for large content rich Web sites for example a search box can be vital for any
combers website.
Anyway if you plan to distribute your thing it's essential that you give that possibility to your customers
so it will be after them not you to decide whether or not to include the search box.
That said let's start creating our search box because we don't have one yet.
We only have the space reserved for it here at the top of our field.
Well by now you should know that this region of the thing is all inside our head of that speech file.
So let's open up this file for editing.
You already have here all the H-E email markup.
And we got the feature search box sizes defined using bootstrap and you have a search box here.
It's very easy.
We just need to call the get search form function here and it find space nothing more less safe and
open up our thing.
And heres our search box first.
Let's see if it works let's look for any term for example.
Laura Ebsen which is the text used in various polls and pages of our site as you can see our search
can already returned some results.
Here we got one two three four
ten search results on this page.
Of course we should have more results but they're not explained in the next lesson.
You'll understand why and also fix this problem.
But if you pay close attention you'll see that the view of this search based it's no acquaintance of
ours isn't it.
Yes the entire structure being repeated here comes from our fallback file index that page B which is
our default template of course we don't want our search results page to look like any other page.
So we have to create a new template for each visit.
Let's go back to our subline text and we wanted to create a new template file called search that BHB.
You remember our theme hierarchy according to it it can create the same place file to handle the search
results.
Instead of using the index file which is our default template file to speed things up a bit we can copy
the contents of the single that page peafowl.
And here we just need to create a new page file that you handle the content of each result item which
will appear inside or look let's call it content hyphen search not BHB First let's make some changes
here inside the loop inside the Get thing play part function that's great create the file
and just pick things up a bit again.
Let's copy the contents of the content e-mail that page peafowl less space everything here.
And let's remove the name call because we don't need some nails here.
And instead of showing the full content of the post let's just show part of the content with the excerpt
function.
Let's make it simple.
Let's refresh our search results page.
Now we have something totally different.
It's in the more simple Now question.
Oh some would find the search box itself after all.
Where is it coming from.
Is it showing up like magic.
No I don't think so.
And what if I want to remove this label here that says search for.
How can I do this.
So in the next lesson you answer for all of those questions and learn to modify our search box a little.
So see you next time.